Dear Author:

Congratulations!
We have been notified that your paper has been accepted for
publication in the proceedings of the 1st IEEE Computer Society
International Workshop on Cluster Computing (IWCC'99) to be
held 2-3 December 1999 in Melbourne, Australia.

The following is an author kit to help you in the preparation of your paper.

No hard-copy author kit will be sent.

PLEASE NOTE: Your paper is due by 22 September 1999.

PLEASE NOTE: A signed copyright release form is due by 22 September 1999.

Please put the conference name - IWCC'99 - on all
correspondence, on the copyright form, and on any mailing
envelope. This will assure that your correspondence is directed
immediately to my desk.

You are allowed a total of eight (10) pages for regular papers.
This includes all figures, tables, and references.

*Please specifically reference in the letter that accompanies any checks
for extra charges the name of the registered presenting author for your paper.
This is to insure the proper account is credited.

Please make checks out to IWCC'99 and identify the
conference and paper/author for each check.  Please send
extra pages charges to:

ATTN: Rajkumar Buyya - IWCC'99
School of Computer Science and Software Engineering
Monash University
Room No. 130, Blvd. No. 63, Clayton Campus
Melbourne, Vic. 3168, Australia
Tel: +61.3.9905.1502
Fax: +61.3.9905.3574
E-mail: rajkumar@dgs.monash.edu.au

ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION:
Please submit your paper electronically to our FTP site.
 The paper should be uploaded at:
 ftp://ftp.computer.org/pub/incoming/proceedings/iwcc99/
 Please prepare your paper as plain ASCII PostScript only,
 with NO encoding, condensing, or encapsulation.
 Please use TrueType 1 fonts wherever possible.
 Do not use bitmapped fonts such as Computer Modern
 if you can avoid it.
 Guidelines for generating and submitting PostScript files
 are available on our Internet site at:
 http://computer.org/author/psguide.htm

FILE NAME:
 Please save your file using your last name and first initial.
 Example - John Smith's file would be smithj.ps.
 If you are submitting two or more files, please
   number them: smithj1.ps, smithj2.ps, etc.
 If you are submitting a revised version of your paper,
   save it as: smithjrevised.ps.
 If there is a file with the same name already in the directory,
 please use a variation.
 Files are regularly moved off the FTP site. Please do not
 re-post your paper if you do not see it on the site.

TRANSFERRING TO FTP SITE:
 When transferring files to the FTP site, if you have a choice
 between ASCII and binary modes, use binary.  Although
 ASCII mode works well most of the time, binary mode incurs
 fewer problems.

 Our FTP site:  ftp.computer.org
 Log on as:  anonymous
 Place files in subdirectory:  pub/incoming/proceedings/iwcc99


COPYRIGHT FORM:
 Please FAX your signed copyright release form to
 Danielle C. Martin at (714) 761-1784.
 We cannot publish your paper without this permission.
 PLEASE NOTE: The copyright form is an attachment to this e-mail.
 If you prefer, you may mail your copyright form to the following address:

ATTN: Danielle C. Martin - IWCC'99
IEEE Computer Society Press
10662 Los Vaqueros Circle
Los Alamitos, California 90720-1314 USA


HARD-COPY PAPER:
If, for some reason, you cannot send an electronic copy of
your paper you may submit it as camera-ready hard copy
after receiving permission from editor.

Please print your camera-ready manuscript on plain white
paper (A4 is acceptable).  Your manuscript must be
camera-ready. If the print is gray or broken, it will appear
that way in the completed book. Manuscripts will be
photographed and printed just as they are.

PLEASE NOTE: There is a $10.00 per page charge which
will be collected by the conference for hard copies. Please
make checks out to IWCC'99 and identify the conference
and paper/author for each check.

Please send hard-copy charges to:

ATTN: Rajkumar Buyya - IWCC'99
School of Computer Science and Software Engineering
Monash University
Room No. 130, Blvd. No. 63, Clayton Campus
Melbourne, Vic. 3168, Australia
Tel: +61.3.9905.1502
Fax: +61.3.9905.3574
E-mail: rajkumar@dgs.monash.edu.au

Mail your paper with your copyright form, and enclose a note
explaining that you could not submit it to our FTP site (so I
won't be searching for it).  We recommend using a courier
service to insure your paper arrives here on time.

Please send the hard copy to Danielle C. Martin at the following address:

ATTN: Danielle C. Martin - IWCC'99
IEEE Computer Society Press
10662 Los Vaqueros Circle
Los Alamitos, California 90720-1314 USA


Your hard-copy paper must be received by 22 September 1999.


ABSTRACT:
All proceedings published by the IEEE Computer Society are
now being included in the IEEE Computer Society Digital Library,
and are available on-line through our Web site.

An E-mailed abstract of your paper is necessary for putting your
paper into the on-line version of the IWCC'99 Proceedings.

Please send an electronic copy of your abstract, as an e-mail in
ASCII format and including the paper title, keywords, author
names, addresses, and affiliations, to <iwcc99-abs@computer.org>.
If you do not have e-mail, please save your abstract in ASCII
format on a disk and send the disk with your copyright release form.

ATTACHMENTS:
There are several customized attachments to this author kit.
They contain:

 AUTHOR GUIDELINES
 Instructions on formatting your paper for the proceedings.

 COPYRIGHT RELEASE FORM
 A copyright release form that MUST BE SIGNED AND
 RETURNED WITH YOUR PAPER. Note that you are stating
 that the material in your paper is original and you have not
 previously released copyright to it. We cannot publish your
 paper without this properly filled-out and signed form.

 REPRINT ORDER FORM
 To use if you wish reprints of your paper. Please make checks
 for reprints out to the IEEE Computer Society.
 (The reprints.pdf attachment below will allow you to type your
 information directly into the form before you print it out.)

The authkit.txt attachment is a plain ASCII text file that is an overall
guide with instructions for formatting, a copy of the copyright form
and a copy of the reprint form.  There are three additional
attachments in PDF file format for Adobe Acrobat. They are
instruct.pdf, copyright.pdf, and reprints.pdf. These files,
while containing the same information as authkit.txt, are formatted
to be easier to read and fill out.

If attached files become unusable during transmission for any
reason, you may also access uncustomized copies of them at
our FTP site. Available at:
ftp://ftp.computer.org/pub/outgoing/cspress/proceedings/

LATEX MACROS:
LaTeX formatting macros are also available on our FTP site.

 Proceedings 8





½ x 11 format - Filename: LATEX8.txt

Available at:
ftp://ftp.computer.org/pub/outgoing/cspress/proceedings/

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.

Sincerely,
Danielle C. Martin
Production Editor
IEEE Computer Society Press
10662 Los Vaqueros Circle
Los Alamitos, CA 90720-1314
Fax: (714) 761-1784
E-mail: dmartin@computer.org

Are you a member of the IEEE Computer Society?
For membership information, visit  http://computer.org/member/mmbrshp.htm

ATTACHMENTS:
(See attached file: authkit.txt)

(See attached file: instruct.pdf)

(See attached file: copyright.pdf)

(See attached file: reprints.pdf)






